{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red18\green80\blue146;\red255\green255\blue255;\red199\green200\blue201;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7258\c39461\c64158;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c82054\c82447\c82737;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15400\viewh12820\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 Write algorithm and and implement a JS program for the following statements\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	1.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/hello-world"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JavaScript Program To Print Hello World}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/add-number"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JavaScript Program to Add Two Numbers}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/square-root"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JavaScript Program to Find the Square Root}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/area-triangle"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JavaScript Program to Calculate the Area of a Triangle}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/swap-variables"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JavaScript Program to Swap Two Variables}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/km-mile"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JavaScript Program to Convert Kilometers to Miles}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/celsius-fahrenheit"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Javascript Program to Convert Celsius to Fahrenheit}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	8.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/constants"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JavaScript Program To Work With Constants}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	9.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/console"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JavaScript Program to Write to Console}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	10.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/quadratic-roots"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Javascript Program to Solve Quadratic Equation}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	11.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/positive-negative-zero"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Javascript Program to Check if a number is Positive, Negative, or Zero}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	12.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/even-odd"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Javascript Program to Check if a Number is Odd or Even}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	13.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/largest-number-three"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JavaScript Program to Find the Largest Among Three Numbers}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	14.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/prime-number"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JavaScript Program to Check Prime Number}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	15.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/prime-number-intervals"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JavaScript Program to Print All Prime Numbers in an Interval}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	16.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/factorial"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JavaScript Program to Find the Factorial of a Number}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	17.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/multiplication-table"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JavaScript Program to Display the Multiplication Table}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	18.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/fibonacci-series"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JavaScript Program to Print the Fibonacci Sequence}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	19.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/armstrong-number"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JavaScript Program to Check Armstrong Number}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	20.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/armstrong-number-interval"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JavaScript Program to Find Armstrong Number in an Interval}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	21.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/simple-calculator"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JavaScript Program to Make a Simple Calculator}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	22.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/sum-natural-number"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JavaScript Program to Find the Sum of Natural Numbers}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	23.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/last-digit"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JavaScript Program to Check if the Numbers Have Same Last Digit}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	24.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/hcf"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JavaScript Program to Find HCF or GCD}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	25.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/lcm"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JavaScript Program to Find LCM}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	26.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/factors-number"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JavaScript Program to Find the Factors of a Number}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	27.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.programiz.com/javascript/examples/fibonacci-recursion"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JavaScript Program to Display Fibonacci Sequence Using Recursion}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}